Locatia Terms of Service Effective Date: October 31st, 2023
<indent>1. Introduction:
   This Terms of Service agreement ("Agreement") is a binding contract between you (“User”, “you”) and Locatia, a [Insert Jurisdiction] corporation ("Locatia," "we," "us," or "our"). This Agreement, along with any documents it expressly incorporates by reference, governs your access to and use of www.locatia.co, including any content, functionality, and services offered on or through www.locatia.co ("Website"), whether as a guest or a registered user. Our platform facilitates social connectivity by enabling individuals to rent companions for social interactions either virtually or in person.
<indent>2. Changes to Agreement:
   We may revise and update this Agreement from time to time at our sole discretion. All changes are effective immediately when we post them and apply to all access to and use of the Website afterward. However, any changes to the dispute resolution provisions. (Governing Law and Jurisdiction). (Dispute Resolution and Binding Arbitration) will not apply to any disputes for which the parties have actual notice on or before the date the change is posted on the Website. Your continued use of the Website after the posting of the revised Agreement means that you accept and agree to the changes. You are expected to check this page frequently, so you are aware of any changes, as they are binding on you.
<indent>3. Adult Material:
   You acknowledge that some of the Materials on the Website may contain adult material, and it is your responsibility to decide where to access and view such Materials. We will not be responsible to you if you suffer any loss or damage as a result of your accessing or viewing Materials containing adult material in a way that places you in breach of any contract you have with a third party (e.g., your employment contract) or in breach of any applicable law.
<indent>4. Section 230(d) Notice:
   Under 47 U.S.C. § 230(d), you are notified that parental control protections (including computer hardware, software, or filtering services) are commercially available that may assist in limiting access to material that is harmful to minors. You may find information about providers of these protections on the Internet by searching “parental control protection” or similar terms. If minors have access to your computer, please restrain their access to sexually explicit material by using these products, which we provide for informational purposes only and do not endorse: CYBERsitter™ | Net Nanny® | CyberPatrol | ASACP.
<indent>5. Child Sexual Abuse Material (CSAM) Prohibited:
   We strictly prohibit content involving minors on the Website. We only allow visual media of consenting adults for consenting adults on the Website. If you encounter any visual media, real or simulated, depicting minors engaged in sexual activity within the Website or that is otherwise exploitative of children, please promptly report this to us at compliance@locatia.co. Please include with your report all appropriate evidence, including the date and time of identification. We will promptly investigate all reports and take proper action. We fully cooperate with any law enforcement agency investigating alleged child exploitation or sexual abuse of minors.
<indent>6. Prostitution and Sex Trafficking Prohibited:
   We strictly prohibit using the Website or its interactive services in any manner to engage in, participate in, aid, support, promote, solicit, or facilitate any act of prostitution or sex trafficking of another person. This prohibition extends to sharing personal contact details or arranging face-to-face meetings. If you encounter any evidence of this on the Website, please promptly report it to us at compliance@locatia.co. Please include with your report all evidence, including the date and time of identification. We will promptly investigate all reports and take appropriate action. We will terminate the account of any person engaging in any prostitution or sex trafficking. We will report all individuals suspected of promoting or facilitating prostitution or sex trafficking to the appropriate law enforcement agency. We will fully cooperate with any law enforcement agency investigating prostitution or sex trafficking.
<indent>7. Accessing the Website:
   We may withdraw or amend the Website and any service or material provided on it at our sole discretion without notice. We will not be liable if, for any reason, any part of the Website is unavailable at any time or for any period. From time to time, we may restrict access to some parts of the Website, or the entire Website, to users, including registered users. You are responsible for making all arrangements necessary for you to access the Website and its content.
<indent>8. Your Account:
   <indent>8.1. Account Creation:
        To access many of the Website’s features, you must create an account. Registration is free and for a single user only. To register, you must complete the registration process by providing accurate information as prompted by the registration form. You must provide a valid email address, a username, and a password. Do not choose a username that is offensive or that infringes a person’s service mark, trademark, or trade name. We may delete or require you to change any username that violates this section. Your password should be unique (meaning that it is different from those you use for other websites) and must comply with the Website’s technical requirements for the composition of passwords. By creating an account, you affirm that (a) all account registration and profile information you provide is your own and is accurate; (b) if you previously had an account on the Website, we did not suspend or terminate that account for breach of this agreement; and (c) you are creating an account for your own personal use, and you will not sell, rent, or transfer your account to any third party.
  <indent>8.2. Verified Users:
        You may only post User Contributions or appear in User Contributions on or through our Website if you are verified. To become a verified user, you must first provide us with a government-issued identification to verify your identity and age. By providing us with a government-issued identification, you authorize us to provide your government-issued identification to a third-party vendor for validation purposes.
   <indent>8.3. Responsibility for Account:
        You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your password and account. Further, you are responsible for all activities that occur under your account. You must inform us promptly of any unauthorized use of your account or any other security breach.
  <indent>8.4. Liability for Account Misuse:
        We will not be liable for any loss that you may incur due to someone else using your password or account, either with or without your knowledge. However, you could be held liable for losses incurred by another person or us due to someone else’s use of your password or account.
   <indent>8.5. Use of Other Accounts:
        You must not use anyone else’s account at any time.
  <indent>8.6. Account Security:
        We prioritize the integrity and security of your personal information. However, we cannot guarantee that unauthorized individuals will never be able to defeat the Website’s security measures or use any personal information you provide to us for improper purposes. Therefore, you acknowledge that you provide your personal information at your own risk.
   <indent>8.7. Communication Preferences:
        By registering for an account, you consent to receive electronic communications from us relating to your account. These communications may involve sending emails to the email address you provided during registration or posting communications on the Website and will include notices about your account (e.g., change in password, confirmation emails, and other transactional information) and are part of your relationship with us. You acknowledge that any notices, agreements, disclosures, or other communications that we send to you electronically will satisfy any legal communication requirements, including that those communications be in writing. We recommend keeping copies of electronic communications by printing a paper copy or saving an electronic copy. You also consent to receive certain other communications from us, including newsletters about new features and content, special offers, promotional announcements, and customer surveys via email or other methods. You acknowledge that communications you receive from us may have adult material unsuitable for minors. If you no longer want to receive certain non-transactional communications from us, please review the Privacy Policy on opting out of marketing communications.
<indent>9. Intellectual Property Rights:
<indent>9.1. Ownership:
        Locatia owns and operates the Website. All content, features, functionality, and other materials found on the Website, including all visual interfaces, graphics, information, software (including source code and object code), text, displays, images, photos, videos, and audio, and the design, selection, and arrangement of them (collectively, “Materials”) are owned by Locatia, its licensors (including sellers), or other providers of those Materials. United States and international copyright, trademark, patent, trade secret, and other intellectual property or proprietary rights laws protect all Materials found on the Website.
   <indent>9.2. License Grant:
        Locatia grants you a limited, non-sublicensable license (i.e., a personal and limited right) to access and use the Website and the Materials for your personal, non-commercial use only. You must not reproduce, distribute, resell, modify, create derivative works of, publicly display, publicly perform, republish, download, store, or transmit any of the Materials on the Website, except as follows:
        - Your computer may temporarily store copies of the Materials in RAM incidental to your accessing and viewing those Materials.
        - You may store files that are automatically cached by your Web browser for display enhancement purposes.
        - You may print or download one copy of a reasonable number of pages of the Website for your own personal, non-commercial use and not for further reproduction, publication, or distribution.
        - If we provide social media features with certain content, you may take those actions as are enabled by those features.
<indent>9.3. License Restrictions:
        You must not:   
        - Modify copies of any Materials from the Website.
        - Use any illustrations, photographs, video or audio sequences, or any graphics separately from the accompanying text.
<indent>10. Requirements for Persons Depicted in User Contributions
You must obtain and keep on record written consent from all persons (including yourself) depicted in your User Contributions specific to the following areas: (a) consent to be depicted in the User Contribution; (b) consent to allow for the public distribution of the User Contribution and to upload the User Contribution to Locatia; and (c) if the User Contribution will be made available for downloading by other users, consent to have the User Contribution downloaded. In addition, you must verify the identity and age of all persons depicted in the User Contributions to ensure that all persons depicted are adults, and you must be able to provide us with supporting documents on request.
18 U.S.C. § 2257 Obligations. Federal law requires you to keep records for any visual depictions that you post on or through Locatia that portray “actual sexually explicit conduct,” “depictions of the genitals or pubic area,” or “simulated sexually explicit activity,” as those terms are defined in 18 U.S.C. §§ 2256(2)(A)(i)–(iv) and 2257A. Your failure to comply with 18 U.S.C. § 2257 may make you subject to criminal and civil prosecution for the violation of federal law.
Representations and Warranties. You state that the following facts are accurate about the User Contributions you post on or through Locatia.
<indent>11. Monitoring and Enforcement; Termination
We may:
Remove or refuse to post any User Contributions for any or no reason in our sole discretion;
Take any action concerning any User Contribution that we consider necessary or appropriate in our sole discretion, including if we believe that the User Contribution violates this agreement, including the Content Standards set out in section, infringes any intellectual property right or other right of any person or entity, threatens the personal safety of Locatia’s users or the public, or could create liability for Locatia;
If we suspend access to or remove any of your User Contributions, we will notify you via email or electronic message to your user account, but we are not required to give you prior notice of that removal.
Geographic Restrictions. The owner of Locatia is based in the state of Pennsylvania in the United States of America. We make no claims that Locatia or its content is accessible or appropriate outside of the United States. Access to Locatia may not be legal by certain persons or in certain countries. Check with your individual jurisdiction for legality. If you access Locatia from outside the United States, you do so on your own initiative and are responsible for complying with local laws.
Copyright Infringement. If you believe that any Materials (including any User Contribution) on Locatia infringes your copyright, please see our DMCA Policy for instructions on sending us a notice of copyright infringement. It is our policy to terminate the user accounts of repeat infringers.
Contact Us. If you have any questions regarding these terms, please contact us at support@locatia.co.
Please review and make any further necessary adjustments to ensure the Terms of Service align with your platform's operational and legal requirements.
<indent>12. Limitation of Liability; Release
Locatia, its directors, officers, employees, agents, subsidiaries, affiliates, licensors, content providers, and service providers will not be liable to you for any of the following:
Errors, mistakes, or inaccuracies of Materials (including User Contributions).
Personal injury or property damage resulting from your access to and using the Website or the Materials (including User Contributions).
Materials (including User Contributions) or conduct that are infringing, inaccurate, obscene, indecent, offensive, threatening, harassing, defamatory, libelous, abusive, invasive of privacy, or illegal.
Unauthorized access to or use of our servers and any personal or financial information stored in them, including unauthorized access or changes to your account, submissions, transmissions or data.
Interruption or cessation of transmission to or from the Website.
Bugs, viruses, Trojan horses, malware, ransomware, or other disabling code that may be transmitted to or through the Website by any person or that might infect your computer or affect your access to or use of the Website, your other services, hardware, or software.
Incompatibility between the Website and your other services, hardware, or software.
Delays or failures you might experience in starting, conducting, or completing any transmissions to or transactions with the Website.
Loss or damage incurred because of the use of any Materials (including User Contributions) posted, emailed, sent, or otherwise made available through the Website.
You hereby release Locatia, its directors, officers, employees, agents, subsidiaries, affiliates, licensors, content providers, and service providers from all liability arising out of your User Contributions or the conduct of other users or third parties, including disputes between you and one or more other users or third parties.
<indent>13. Exclusion of Damages; Exclusive Remedy
Unless caused by its gross negligence or intentional misconduct, Locatia, its directors, officers, employees, agents, subsidiaries, affiliates, licensors, content providers, and service providers will not be liable to you for any direct, indirect, special (including so-called consequential damages), statutory, punitive, or exemplary damages arising out of or relating to your access or your inability to access the Website or the Materials. This exclusion applies regardless of the theory of liability, and even if you told us about the possibility of those damages, or we knew or should have known about the possibility of those damages.
Locatia, its directors, officers, employees, agents, subsidiaries, affiliates, licensors, content providers, and service providers will not be liable to you for any damages for (1) personal injury, (2) pain and suffering, (3) emotional distress, (4) loss of revenue, (5) loss of profits, (6) loss of business or anticipated savings, (7) loss of use, (8) loss of goodwill, (9) loss of data, (10) loss of privacy, or (11) computer failure related to your access of or your inability to access the Website or the Materials. This exclusion applies regardless of the theory of liability, and even if you told us about the possibility of those damages, or we knew or should have known about the possibility of those damages.
If you are dissatisfied with the Website or have any other complaint, your exclusive remedy is to terminate your account (if you have one) and stop using the Website. Locatia's and its directors, officers, employees, agents, subsidiaries, affiliates, licensors, content providers, and service providers' maximum liability to you for any claim will not exceed the greater of $2,500 USD and 100% of the total amount you have paid us in connection with your use of the Website, even if the remedy fails of its essential purpose.
<indent>14. Limitation of Liability; Release
Locatia, its directors, officers, employees, agents, subsidiaries, affiliates, licensors, content providers, and service providers will not be liable to you for any of the following:
Errors, mistakes, or inaccuracies of Materials (including User Contributions).
Personal injury or property damage resulting from your access to and using the Website or the Materials (including User Contributions).
Materials (including User Contributions) or conduct that are infringing, inaccurate, obscene, indecent, offensive, threatening, harassing, defamatory, libelous, abusive, invasive of privacy, or illegal.
Unauthorized access to or use of our servers and any personal or financial information stored in them, including unauthorized access or changes to your account, submissions, transmissions or data.
Interruption or cessation of transmission to or from the Website.
Bugs, viruses, Trojan horses, malware, ransomware, or other disabling code that may be transmitted to or through the Website by any person or that might infect your computer or affect your access to or use of the Website, your other services, hardware, or software.
Incompatibility between the Website and your other services, hardware, or software.
Delays or failures you might experience in starting, conducting, or completing any transmissions to or transactions with the Website.
Loss or damage incurred because of the use of any Materials (including User Contributions) posted, emailed, sent, or otherwise made available through the Website.
You hereby release Locatia, its directors, officers, employees, agents, subsidiaries, affiliates, licensors, content providers, and service providers from all liability arising out of your User Contributions or the conduct of other users or third parties, including disputes between you and one or more other users or third parties.
<indent>15. Exclusion of Damages; Exclusive Remedy
Unless caused by its gross negligence or intentional misconduct, Locatia, its directors, officers, employees, agents, subsidiaries, affiliates, licensors, content providers, and service providers will not be liable to you for any direct, indirect, special (including so-called consequential damages), statutory, punitive, or exemplary damages arising out of or relating to your access or your inability to access the Website or the Materials. This exclusion applies regardless of the theory of liability, and even if you told us about the possibility of those damages, or we knew or should have known about the possibility of those damages.
Locatia, its directors, officers, employees, agents, subsidiaries, affiliates, licensors, content providers, and service providers will not be liable to you for any damages for (1) personal injury, (2) pain and suffering, (3) emotional distress, (4) loss of revenue, (5) loss of profits, (6) loss of business or anticipated savings, (7) loss of use, (8) loss of goodwill, (9) loss of data, (10) loss of privacy, or (11) computer failure related to your access of or your inability to access the Website or the Materials. This exclusion applies regardless of the theory of liability, and even if you told us about the possibility of those damages, or we knew or should have known about the possibility of those damages.
If you are dissatisfied with the Website or have any other complaint, your exclusive remedy is to terminate your account (if you have one) and stop using the Website. Locatia's and its directors, officers, employees, agents, subsidiaries, affiliates, licensors, content providers, and service providers' maximum liability to you for any claim will not exceed the greater of $2,500 USD and 100% of the total amount you have paid us in connection with your use of the Website, even if the remedy fails of its essential purpose.
Waiver of California Civil Code Section 1542—California Residents Only. For the releases of liability set out in this agreement, you acknowledge that you understand the consequences of entering into the general release and discharge of all known and unknown claims as stated in this agreement and that you are familiar with the provisions of section 1542 of the California Civil Code, which provides that:
A general release does not extend to claims that the creditor or releasing party does not know or suspect to exist in his or her favor at the time of executing the release and that, if known by him or her, would have materially affected his or her settlement with the debtor or released party.
You waive all rights under section 1542 and any other federal or state statutes or laws of similar effect.
Scope of Disclaimers, Exclusions, and Limitations. The disclaimers, exclusions, and limitations stated in this document apply to the greatest extent allowed by law, but no more. We do not intend to deprive you of any mandatory protections provided to you by law. Because some jurisdictions may prohibit the disclaimer of some warranties, excluding some damages, or other matters, one or more of the disclaimers, exclusions, or limitations will not apply to you.
<indent>16. Indemnification
In General. You will pay Locatia, its directors, officers, employees, agents, contractors, subsidiaries, affiliates, licensors, content providers, and service providers (collectively, “Indemnified Parties”) for any loss of the Indemnified Parties' that is caused by any of the following: (a) your access of, or conduct on, Locatia; (b) your User Contributions; (c) your offline conduct; (d) your breach of this agreement; (e) your dispute with any seller, buyer, or any other user; (f) your violation or infringement of rights of any person, including intellectual property, publicity, and privacy rights; (g) your violation of any applicable law; (h) your tortious acts or omissions; or (i) your criminal acts or omissions. But you are not required to pay if the Indemnified Parties' intentional misconduct caused the loss.
<indent>17. Governing Law and Jurisdiction
Pennsylvania law (including its statutes of limitations) governs all matters arising out of or relating to Locatia or this agreement without giving effect to any conflicts of law principles. This agreement's predominant purpose is providing services and licensing access to intellectual property and not a “sale of goods.” The United Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods will not govern this agreement, the application of which is expressly excluded.
<indent>18. Dispute Resolution and Binding Arbitration
<indent>18.1. Arbitration
You and Locatia are agreeing to give up any rights to litigate claims in a court or before a jury, or to participate in a class action or representative action with respect to a claim. Other rights that you would have if you went to court may also be unavailable or may be limited in arbitration. Any claim, dispute, or controversy (whether in contract, tort, or otherwise, whether pre-existing, present, or future, and including statutory, consumer protection, common law, intentional tort, injunctive, and equitable claims) between you and us arising from or relating in any way to your use of Locatia, will be resolved exclusively and finally by binding arbitration.
<indent>18.2. General
Entire Agreement. This agreement constitutes the entire agreement between you and us about your use of Locatia and supersedes all earlier or contemporaneous agreements between you and us about Locatia. Any additional terms on Locatia will govern the items to which they pertain.
<indent>18.3. Notices
Notice to Us. You may give notice to us by email at support@locatia.co unless Locatia specifies a different email address for giving notice. We may change our contact information on one or more occasions by posting the change on Locatia. Please check Locatia for the most current information for notifying us.
<indent>19. Recording Communications
We may record communications conducted or initiated on or through Locatia. We use recorded data obtained to evaluate Locatia, to monitor compliance with this agreement, for quality assurance purposes, and to promote Locatia. You may opt out of our use of any recording for marketing purposes by sending an email to privacy@locatia.co and putting “Recording Opt-Out” in the subject of the email.
Consumer Rights Information—California Residents Only. This section applies only to California residents. In compliance with section 1789 of the California Civil Code, please note the following
Locatia
State College, Pennsylvania
United States of America
<indent>20. User Info
Users who wish to gain access to the password-restricted area of the Website must register. We do not charge consumers for registering, but sellers charge for access to various content and features. You may contact us at support@locatia.co to resolve any billing disputes or to receive further information about the Website.
<indent>21. Complaints—California Residents Only. 
You may contact in writing the Complaint Assistance Unit of the Division of Consumer Services of the Department of Consumer Affairs at 1020 North Street, #501, Sacramento, California 95814, or by telephone at +1 (916) 445-1254.
<indent>22. Unsolicited Idea Submission Policy.
We and our employees do not accept or consider unsolicited ideas, suggestions, proposals, comments, or materials, including new or improved products, services or technologies, product or service enhancements, processes, advertising campaigns, promotions, marketing plans, or new product or service names (collectively,“Submissions”). Please do not send any Submissions in any form to us or any of our employees. The sole purpose of this policy is to avoid potential misunderstandings or disputes when our products, services, marketing, or other projects might seem similar to any Submissions made to us. If, despite our policy, you still submit your ideas to us, the following terms will apply to your Submissions, regardless of what your communication states. You acknowledge that: (1) we will consider the Submissions to be nonconfidential and nonproprietary; (2) we may use, copy, redistribute, and disclose the Submissions for any purpose in any way, without compensation to you or any other person or party; and (3) we will have no obligations for the Submissions, including no obligation to review the Submissions, return any materials, or acknowledge receipt of the Submissions. If you do not agree to these terms, please do not send us any Submissions.
<indent>23. Feedback. 
While we cannot accept unsolicited ideas, we always welcome feedback on our existing business. If you want to send us your feedback, please only provide specific feedback on our existing business and do not include ideas that the policy stated prohibits. Any feedback you provide is considered nonconfidential and nonproprietary. We will be free to use that information on an unrestricted basis with no compensation to you or any other person or party.
<indent>24. Complaint Policy
<indent>24.1. Applicability. 
Whether or not you are a user of the Website, you can use this policy to alert us to any complaint that you have relating to renting a person and their services and their time and stuff.
<indent>24.2. How to Make a Complaint. 
If you have a complaint about renting a person and their services and their time and stuff (including any complaint about content appearing on the Website or the conduct of a user), please send your complaint to compliance@locatia.co, including your name, address, contact details, a description of your complaint, and, if your complaint relates to content, the URL for the content to which your complaint relates. If you cannot contact us by email, please write to us at the most appropriate address.
<indent>24.3. Unjustified or Abusive Complaints.
 If you are a user of the Website, you state that you will not make any complaint under this section that is wholly unjustified, abusive, or made in bad faith.
<indent>25. Survival. 
On termination of this agreement for any reason, any provision which, by its nature or express terms should survive, will survive the termination of this agreement.
<indent>26. Your Comments and Concerns. 
Renting a person and their services and their time and stuff is owned and operated by Locatia, State College, Pennsylvania 16801. All notices of copyright infringement claims should be sent to the copyright agent designated in our DMCA Policy in the manner and by the means set out in it. All abuse notices, including alleged child sexual abuse material (CSAM), should be directed to compliance@locatia.co. You should direct all other feedback, comments, requests for technical support, and other communications relating to renting a person and their services and their time and stuff to us at support@locatia.co.
